Add distributed network capabilities (#34)
iccmr-quantum/OSC-Qasm: README.md

  receive_port       The port where the osc_qasm.py Server will listen for
                     incoming messages. Default port is 1416
  send_port          The port that osc_qasm.py will use to send messages back
                     to Max/MSP. Default port is 1417
  ip                 The IP address to where the retrieved results will be
                     sent (Where Max/MSP is located). Default IP is 127.0.0.1

>                      (localhost)

Reviewer: Please bring these updates to [osc_qasm.py](https://github.com/iccmr-quantum/OSC-Qasm/blob/main/osc_qasm.py) as well.

                     need to provide your IBMQ Group
  --project PROJECT  If you want to run circuits on real quantum hardware, you
                     need to provide your IBMQ Project
  --remote [REMOTE]  Declare this is a remote server. In this case osc_qasm.py
                     will be listenning to messages coming into the network
                     adapter address. If there is a specific network adapter
                     IP you want to listen in, add it as an argument here
```

The `osc_qasm.maxpat` abstraction also allows customization using several attributes and positional arguments. Make sure to check out the help patch and the reference page!

![osc_qasm-help](./osc_qasm-help.png)

### Network Distribution

Version 1.3.0 brought new options for facilitating distributed network scenarios. 

For instance, there could be a separate machine running OSC-Qasm as a "server", from which clients could request jobs. Furthermore, the results could be sent to a third machine on the network. 

> To that end, osc_qasm.py has an optional flag/argument called `--remote`. When used, the OSC server will listen to the default IP address of your router or local network instead of "127.0.0.1". Additionally, you could specify another IP address (useful for public connections) as an argument after the flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To that end, `osc_qasm.py` has an optional flag/argument called `--remote`. When used, the OSC server will listen to the default IP address assigned to your machine in the local area network, instead of "127.0.0.1". Additionally, you can add an argument after the flag to specify the IP address to use (useful in the case of multiple network adapters).
```
